{"data":{"repository":{"discussions":{"totalCount":7,"nodes":[{"id":"D_kwDOI2aXZs4ATOmH","category":{"name":"Meetings"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-04-03T17:04:48Z","createdAt":"2023-04-03T16:46:40Z","number":8,"title":"Proposed Security and Privacy meeting agenda for 2023-04-10","body":"Meeting Details\r\nDate/Time: April 10, 2023 @ Monday 1:00 PM ET / 18:00 UTC / 7:00 PM CET\r\nModerator: lesssneaky\r\nNote Taker Person\r\nThe [FIG Security and Privacy Meetings](https://github.com/Open-MV/fig-security/tree/main/meetings) repo contains the history past meetings, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.\r\n\r\nMeeting Agenda\r\nGeneral Discussion\r\nDB Entries\r\n\r\nOutcomes from Discussion topics\r\nDiscuss outcomes from agenda\r\n\r\nAction Items\r\nCreate actionable items from proposed topics\r\n\r\nItems for next week's meeting\r\nList items that need to be discussed next week\r\n\r\nOpen Discussion Items\r\nList any additional items below!","author":{"login":"btonic"},"comments":{"nodes":[]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOI2aXZs4ATA8P","category":{"name":"Meetings"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-03-20T17:59:40Z","createdAt":"2023-03-20T16:33:15Z","number":7,"title":"Proposed Security and Privacy meeting agenda for 2023-03-20","body":"Meeting Details\r\nDate/Time: March 20th, 2023 @ Monday 1:00 PM ET / 18:00 UTC / 7:00 PM CET\r\nModerator: lesssneaky\r\nNote Taker Person\r\nThe [FIG Security and Privacy Meetings](https://github.com/Open-MV/fig-security/tree/main/meetings) repo contains the history past meetings, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.\r\n\r\nMeeting Agenda\r\nGeneral Discussion\r\nDB Entries\r\n\r\nOutcomes from Discussion topics\r\nDiscuss outcomes from agenda\r\n\r\nAction Items\r\nCreate actionable items from proposed topics\r\n\r\nItems for next week's meeting\r\nList items that need to be discussed next week\r\n\r\nOpen Discussion Items\r\nList any additional items below!","author":{"login":"btonic"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4AUfmA","author":{"login":"btonic"},"body":"* alexiap - Interested in helping develop the documentation related to how FIG-securityprivacy interacts with other FIGs. (loose framework)"},{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4AUfs3","author":{"login":"btonic"},"body":"DB triage notes: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NO5DCBRD8IZa9UXfluvaExwdirqt3p1z05Vpaet15wk/edit \r\nWe tackled 4 - 7"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOI2aXZs4AS6o4","category":{"name":"Meetings"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-03-27T21:21:52Z","createdAt":"2023-03-13T16:29:23Z","number":6,"title":"Security and Privacy meeting agenda for 2023-03-13","body":"Meeting Details\r\nDate/Time: March 13th, 2023 @ Monday 1:00 PM ET / 18:00 UTC / 7:00 PM CET\r\nModerator: lesssneaky\r\nNote Taker Person\r\nThe [FIG Security and Privacy Meetings](https://github.com/Open-MV/fig-security/tree/main/meetings) repo contains the history past meetings, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.\r\n\r\nMeeting Agenda\r\nGeneral Discussion\r\nDB Entries\r\n\r\nOutcomes from Discussion topics\r\nDiscuss outcomes from agenda\r\n\r\nAction Items\r\nCreate actionable items from proposed topics\r\n\r\nItems for next week's meeting\r\nList items that need to be discussed next week\r\n\r\nOpen Discussion Items\r\nList any additional items below!","author":{"login":"btonic"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4AUR8q","author":{"login":"btonic"},"body":"* General Discussion consisted of a recap of the prior week\r\n* Triage occurred within the google doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NO5DCBRD8IZa9UXfluvaExwdirqt3p1z05Vpaet15wk/edit\r\n* We will convert the google doc into a hedge doc this week for collaboration on the next weekly meeting"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOI2aXZs4AS0aW","category":{"name":"Meetings"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-03-27T21:21:41Z","createdAt":"2023-03-06T16:28:27Z","number":5,"title":"Security and Privacy meeting agenda for 2023-03-06","body":"Meeting Details\r\nDate/Time: March 6th, 2023 @ Monday 1:00 PM ET / 18:00 UTC / 7:00 PM CET\r\nModerator: lesssneaky\r\nNote Taker Person\r\nThe [FIG Security and Privacy Meetings](https://github.com/Open-MV/fig-security/tree/main/meetings) repo contains the history past meetings, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.\r\n\r\nMeeting Agenda\r\nPackage management & supply chain options\r\ncheck-in on #users discussion\r\n\r\nOutcomes from Discussion topics\r\nDiscuss outcomes from agenda\r\n\r\nAction Items\r\nCreate actionable items from proposed topics\r\n\r\nItems for next week's meeting\r\nList items that need to be discussed next week\r\n\r\nOpen Discussion Items\r\nList any additional items below!","author":{"login":"btonic"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4AT573","author":{"login":"btonic"},"body":"Quick summarization on the rust crates research I performed last week:\r\n* It looks like we can sync crates.io to github teams, that way we can properly permission folks natively within GitHub: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/publishing.html\r\n* Doing the GitHub team-based approach makes this safer administratively, as added owners cannot remove other owners (although they can still yank/publish packages).\r\n* We will still need to have an OMF-level account. Perhaps we can look into a 1password instance for OMF administrators."},{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4AT5-s","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"Does using OIDC work well from a security perspective? From conversation in user channel, summarised on hedgedoc: https://hedgedoc.openmv.org/s/rAFOZRsyd\r\n\r\nCurrent consensus is “we like OIDC but need to fix issues X Y and Z”\r\nReference: https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc4949\r\nAnd there seems to be general agreement on using OIDC terms for the root node (identity) and the digitally trackable unique persona (scope). Further, this scope could likely be based on a ‘traits’ system on identities; A player logs in on a world, sends over its identity with its traits, and the world can just pick out the ones it is actually interested in\r\n\r\n- Send your authentication scope to the auth server, and if it succeeds and the platform provider lets you in, send the appropriate actor scope\r\n- I think we can make some pretty good ‘proof of history’ system that could let us provide automated spam protection while avoiding penalizing legitimate users\r\n\r\nfix issues X,Y and Z has to do with:\r\nLike OpenID Connect (OIDC): you don’t know how the identity is verified but you know where to check it (it is currently possible to set up an OIDC provider that lets you verify exclusively by signing a challenge with a private key, if you so choose)\r\n- “Ironically I think for OIDC to really take off in a democratized way you’d need something like a trusted store – basically the spot that CAs occupy in the TLS model – but without it being so hard to add a new trusted CA.”\r\n- The way OIDC does this is by piggybacking on DNS and keychains, which is working alright with some issues.\r\nI’d prefer a scheme similar to that, but without DNS’ domain squatting issues and overall cryptography issues\r\n- The idea being some kind of managed system for linking internet resources to specific identifiers that can recover from data loss and attacks through moderation by a trusted party\r\n\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4AT6OV","author":{"login":"btonic"},"body":"03-03-2023\r\n\r\nUsers discussion:\r\n* Considering OIDC\r\n    * We would have to fix a few issues\r\n        * Mostly comes down to a few DNS/crypto issues\r\n        * Some adaptation would be needed\r\n    * One challenge is adoption — it doesn’t have much\r\n    * We may be able to fork it to address our concerns\r\n    * Lift this discussion into a debate thread (AI for Indie)\r\nDB entries:\r\n* Lets switch to first half DB entries, second half updates on prior work\r\n    * We should consider doing this as community as well"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOI2aXZs4AStMi","category":{"name":"Meetings"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-03-27T21:21:23Z","createdAt":"2023-02-27T15:11:26Z","number":4,"title":"Security and Privacy meeting agenda for 2023-02-27","body":"## Meeting Details\r\n\r\n- **Date/Time:** February 27th, 2023 @ Monday 1:00 PM ET / 18:00 UTC / 7:00 PM CET\r\n- **Location:** Link should be posted in the `#Security-privacy` text and voice channel on Discord at least 5 days before the meeting.\r\n- **Moderator:** TBA\r\n- **Note Taker** Person\r\n\r\nThe [FIG Security and Privacy Meetings](https://github.com/Open-MV/fig-security/tree/main/meetings) repo contains the history past meetings, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.\r\n\r\n## Meeting Agenda\r\nPoll to determine our FIGs operating model\r\nEvaluate how we can best support the #users FIG with designing the identity model (from both the perspective of the \"user\" and \"administrator\")\r\nEngage with the #legal-policy FIG to discuss wide-scope regulatory concerns, and start mapping those out to relevant FIGs for collaboration on the granular details\r\nEvaluate areas and methodologies for technical guidance\r\nDiscuss AI and user model to give guidance on the blurred line\r\nDiscuss top-level User identifiers (email or else) that may be used for accounts.\r\n\r\n## Outcomes from Discussion topics\r\n\r\n**Discuss outcomes from agenda**\r\n\r\n## Action Items\r\n\r\n**Create actionable items from proposed topics**\r\n\r\n## Items for next week's meeting\r\n**List items that need to be discussed next week**\r\n\r\n## Open Discussion Items\r\n\r\nList any additional items below!\r\n","author":{"login":"OBWANDO"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4ATjRu","author":{"login":"btonic"},"body":"Last weeks notes:\r\n\r\n02/20/23 notes\r\n\r\nOur model:\r\n* We need liaisons to lift security concerns up\r\n    * Probably the #1 way\r\n    * “I think this is a #security concern” via tagging\r\n    * Make a ticket so we can prioritize\r\n    * https://github.com/Open-MV/community/issues/19\r\n* A bot to lift discussions via tagging to security meeting agenda\r\n* Can we OSS the bot?\r\n* Can we identify liaisons\r\n* How do we help people know when to engage us\r\nSupporting identity model:\r\n* AI: Go and add an agenda item on the #users weekly meeting\r\n    * Focus on primitives:\r\n        * How do we collaborate\r\n        * Where do we collaborate\r\n        * What has been done already\r\n* FOAF?\r\n    * Doesn’t matter about person/ai\r\n    * It’s about who you interact with & allow to interact\r\n* Confidentiality controls:\r\n    * Cascade to identity/objects/etc\r\n    * How do we allow a user to control confidentiality controls.\r\n    * Lets make a feature in the DB on this\r\n    * IETF has a group related to confidentiality/privacy — maybe establish a relationship?\r\n* Federated models might be something we can take prior art from\r\n    * Mastodon federation approach where admins can block other server content\r\nmickykumar:\r\n* Presentation next week on technical guidance for FIGs\r\n* \r\nLegal/Policy:\r\n* There might be tools available to automate some of this [alexiap]\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4ATjsD","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"hedgedoc on user framework: https://hedgedoc.openmv.org/nJ7SzzwtSQaRC3vyRjLlkg?both\r\n"},{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4ATjtL","author":{"login":"indiebio"},"body":"There was a note on SRE - https://sre.google/sre-book/table-of-contents/ "},{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4ATxq-","author":{"login":"btonic"},"body":"02-27-23 FIG Security notes\r\n\r\n* Document related to the users group\r\n    * People need to be able to make digital personas\r\n    * Credibility is linked to identity\r\n        * Prevents full privacy\r\n        * This is to prevent booting/malicious actors\r\n        * IETF has a working group on this?\r\n            * Link @helbakoury\r\n* Indie is building summaries for all other groups as well\r\n* Linking conversations into the digital assets DB\r\n* Technical guidance:\r\n    * Mickykumar & royal spoke about this\r\n    * Each group would have their own “starting point reference” for starting new projects\r\n        * This works well for multiple groups to work alongside each other (standard interactions & similar)\r\n    * We should provide guidance on what we do and don’t recommend\r\n        * Maybe use the standards doc as a good starter?\r\n* Rust Crates\r\n    * How do we want to handle package management in the OMF?\r\n    * Put together materials for supply chain management for next week.\r\n"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOI2aXZs4ASnCL","category":{"name":"Meetings"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-02-27T15:11:28Z","createdAt":"2023-02-20T15:49:10Z","number":3,"title":"Security and Privacy meeting agenda for 2023-02-20","body":"## Meeting Details\r\n\r\n- **Date/Time:** February 20th, 2023 @ Monday 1:00 PM ET / 18:00 UTC / 7:00 PM CET\r\n- **Location:** Link should be posted in the `#Security-privacy` text and voice channel on Discord at least 5 days before the meeting.\r\n- **Moderator:** TBA\r\n- **Note Taker** Person\r\n\r\nThe [FIG Security and Privacy Meetings](https://github.com/Open-MV/fig-security/tree/main/meetings) repo contains the history past meetings, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.\r\n\r\n## Meeting Agenda\r\nPoll to determine our FIGs operating model\r\nEvaluate how we can best support the #users FIG with designing the identity model (from both the perspective of the \"user\" and \"administrator\")\r\nEngage with the #legal-policy FIG to discuss wide-scope regulatory concerns, and start mapping those out to relevant FIGs for collaboration on the granular details\r\nEvaluate areas and methodologies for technical guidance\r\nDiscuss AI and user model to give guidance on the blurred line\r\nDiscuss top-level User identifiers (email or else) that may be used for accounts.\r\n\r\n## Outcomes from Discussion topics\r\n\r\n**Discuss outcomes from agenda**\r\n\r\n## Action Items\r\n\r\n**Create actionable items from proposed topics**\r\n\r\n## Items for next week's meeting\r\n**List items that need to be discussed next week**\r\n\r\n## Open Discussion Items\r\n\r\nList any additional items below!\r\n","author":{"login":"OBWANDO"},"comments":{"nodes":[]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}},{"id":"D_kwDOI2aXZs4ASar7","category":{"name":"Meetings"},"upvoteCount":1,"updatedAt":"2023-02-20T15:49:57Z","createdAt":"2023-02-06T14:02:57Z","number":2,"title":"Security and Privacy meeting agenda for 2023-02-13","body":"## Meeting Details\r\n\r\n- **Date/Time:** February 13th, 2023 @ Monday 1:00 PM ET / 18:00 UTC / 7:00 PM CET\r\n- **Location:** Link should be posted in the `#Security-privacy` text and voice channel on Discord at least 5 days before the meeting.\r\n- **Moderator:** TBA\r\n- **Note Taker** Person\r\n\r\nThe [FIG Security and Privacy Meetings](https://github.com/Open-MV/fig-security/tree/main/meetings) repo contains the history past meetings, including a link to the agenda, recording, notes, and resources.\r\n\r\n## Meeting Agenda\r\nFirst meeting and operating\r\nFIG charter discussion\r\nDatabase Feature triage\r\n\r\n**Discuss agenda from proposed topics**\r\n\r\n## Outcomes from Discussion topics\r\n\r\n**Discuss outcomes from agenda**\r\n\r\n## Action Items\r\n\r\n**Create actionable items from proposed topics**\r\n\r\n## Items for next week's meeting\r\n**List items that need to be discussed next week**\r\n\r\n## Open Discussion Items\r\n\r\nList any additional items below!\r\n","author":{"login":"OBWANDO"},"comments":{"nodes":[{"id":"DC_kwDOI2aXZs4ATEgx","author":{"login":"btonic"},"body":"## Meeting Details\r\nDate/Time: February 13th, 2023 @ Monday 1:00 PM ET / 18:00 UTC / 7:00 PM CET\r\nModerator: lesssneaky\r\nNote Taker Person: lesssneaky\r\n\r\n## Meeting Agenda\r\n- First meeting and operating\r\n- FIG charter discussion\r\n- Database Feature triage\r\n\r\n## Meeting notes\r\n\r\n* What is our FIG's operating model?\r\n    * A lot of the work happens within other FIGs (e.g. #users with IAM discussions)\r\n        * We could look at an embedded model\r\n        * Lift security-related discussions to the FIG for review & collaboration\r\n* IAM & Governance is a core area that needs to be done right, as nearly everything revolves around this.\r\n    * We have a lot of discussions around _users_ (these discussions also align with what we have within our feature database so far)\r\n        * Authentication (e.g. who/what is something)\r\n        * Authorization of resources (e.g. what can/can't something do)\r\n        * Confidentiality controls (e.g. selective disclosure of something's descriptors)\r\n        * Data silos (e.g. storage of something's experience-relevant data)\r\n    * We need to have similar discussions around the governance of _experiences_ (e.g. the \"administrator\" perspective; these are not accounted for within our feature database right now)\r\n        * How do we expose controls to creators to govern their experiences?\r\n        * How do we allow users to be informed about the governance controls they are operating within?\r\n    * We need to partner with the legal-privacy FIG to help evaluate regulatory concerns \r\n        * We can partner with FIGs to incorporate solutions into core implementations\r\n* Technical guidance is something we might want to get out in front of\r\n    * We could provide guidance on implementation preferences when it comes to common security controls\r\n        * Some arbitrary (and arguable) examples: \r\n            * Whenever possible, default to TLS\r\n            * Whenever possible, use a memory-safe language (e.g. Go, Rust, etc)\r\n            * Avoid re-implementation of cryptographic primitives\r\n         * This guidance could allow us to operationalize mitigations over time (e.g. templated linters/static analysis/etc) and allow out-of-the-loop oversight \r\n\r\n## Action Items\r\n1. Poll to determine our FIGs operating model\r\n2. Evaluate how we can best support the #users FIG with designing the identity model (from both the perspective of the \"user\" and \"administrator\")\r\n3. Engage with the #legal-policy FIG to discuss wide-scope regulatory concerns, and start mapping those out to relevant FIGs for collaboration on the granular details\r\n4. Evaluate areas and methodologies for technical guidance"}]},"labels":{"nodes":[]}}]}}}}